Don't install the usage reporting plugin by default in subgraphs (#7184)
apollographql/apollo-server: docs/source/api/plugin/usage-reporting.mdx

Apollo Server's built-in usage reporting plugin gathers data on how your clients use the operations and fields in your GraphQL schema. The plugin also handles pushing this usage data to [Apollo Studio](/studio/), as described in [Metrics and logging](../../monitoring/metrics/).

> This plugin is designed to be used in an Apollo Gateway or in a monolithic server; it is not designed to be used from a subgraph. In an Apollo Federation supergraph, the Apollo Gateway or Apollo Router sends usage reports to Apollo's servers; information about what happens inside individual subgraph servers is sent from the subgraphs to the Gateway or Router via [inline traces](./inline-trace/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin is designed to be used in an Apollo Gateway or in a monolithic server; it is not designed to be used from a subgraph. In a supergraph running Apollo Federation, the Apollo Gateway or Apollo Router will send usage reports to Apollo's cloud. Subgraphs don't need to also send usage reports to Apollo's cloud, instead they send it to the Router via [inline traces](./inline-trace/) and the Router combines trace execution information across all subgraphs and sends summarized reports to the cloud.
```

Author: ```suggestion
This plugin is designed to be used in an Apollo Gateway or in a monolithic server; it is not designed to be used from a subgraph. In a supergraph running Apollo Federation, the Apollo Gateway or Apollo Router will send usage reports to Apollo's cloud. Subgraphs don't need to also send usage reports to Apollo's cloud; instead, they send it to the Router via [inline traces](./inline-trace/) and the Router combines execution information across all subgraphs and sends summarized reports to the cloud.
```
(fix some punctuation, de-emphasize "trace" as it's just a small part of usage reporting)
